Throw an exception for Object children without @objc properties. (#6844)
realm/realm-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

=============================================================
### Enhancements
* Add the ability to listen for when a Watch Change Stream is opened when using Combine. Use `onOpen(event:)` directly after opening a `WatchPublisher` to register a callback to be invoked once the change stream is opened.

> * Throw an exception for Object children without @objc properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Throw an exception for Objects that have none of its properties marked with @objc.
```
